README.md, before:

# Knowledge Distillation Pytorch
This is a repository for experimenting knowledge distillation methods.
The idea is mainly based on the paper
["Distilling the Knowledge in a Neural Network"](https://arxiv.org/abs/1503.02531) by Geoffrey Hinton, Oriol Vinyals, Jeff Dean.

The repo is entirely implemented in [pytorch](https://pytorch.org/) framework and consists of knowledge distillation processes and pipelines.

### dependencies
```sh
python 3.6
torch
torchvision
numpy
matplotlib
tqdm
```

### Installation

This repo requires [anaconda](https://www.anaconda.com/) environments to simulate the experiments.

Clone the repo and install the dependencies.

```sh
$ git clone git@github.com:HtutLynn/Knowledge_Distillation_Pytorch.git
$ conda create --name kd_pytorch
$ conda activate kd_pytorch
$ pip install -r requirements.txt
```

### Datasets

* [x] cifar-10
* [ ] mini open images

### Performance of models on cifar-10

| __Architectures__ | __resnet18__ | __preact resnet18__ | __googlenet__ | __densenet__ | __vgg16__  | __mobilenet__ |
|-------------------|--------------|---------------------|---------------|--------------|------------|---------------|
| Epochs            | 350          | 350                 | 350           | 350          | 150        | 350           |
| Loss Function     | CE           | CE                  | CE            | CE           | CE         | CE            |
| train loss        | 0.004        | 0.001               | N/A           | N/A          | 0.002      | N/A           |
| train accuracy    | 99.92        | 100.00              | N/A           | N/A          | 99.97      | N/A           |
| test loss         | 0.582        | 0.206               | N/A           | N/A          | 0.314      | N/A           |
| test accuracy     | 87.23        | 94.79               | N/A           | N/A          | 93.170     | N/A           |
| time taken        | 256m         | 259m                | N/A           | N/A          | 65m        | N/A           |

### Todos

 - Data augmentation performable torch.utils.data.TensorDataset dataset
 - Tensorboard
 - Perfomance metrics
 - Compute_loss function for computing the mean loss for the data points that the model has mis-classified.
 - Google Colab trainable/runnable notebooks
 - Refactor the codebase to more readable format/style
 - Finding the best hyparameters for knowledge distillation methods


### References
[https://github.com/peterliht/knowledge-distillation-pytorch](https://github.com/peterliht/knowledge-distillation-pytorch)


[Pytorch-cifar](https://github.com/kuangliu/pytorch-cifar)

Commit message:

A new functionality is added to compute_loss.py. A function for calculating the seperate losses for data points that the model has correctly and wrongly classified. This can be useful for analytical purposes where illogical behaviour happens such as between two models, one model has lower accuracy than other's but lower loss than other's. Some of the unnecessary comments and functionalities are removed from the codebase.

README.md, after:

# Knowledge Distillation Pytorch
This is a repository for experimenting knowledge distillation methods.
The idea is mainly based on the paper
["Distilling the Knowledge in a Neural Network"](https://arxiv.org/abs/1503.02531) by Geoffrey Hinton, Oriol Vinyals, Jeff Dean.

The repo is entirely implemented in [pytorch](https://pytorch.org/) framework and consists of knowledge distillation processes and pipelines.

### dependencies
```sh
python 3.6
torch
torchvision
torchsummary
numpy
matplotlib
tqdm
```

### Installation

This repo requires [anaconda](https://www.anaconda.com/) environments to simulate the experiments.

Clone the repo and install the dependencies.

```sh
$ git clone git@github.com:HtutLynn/Knowledge_Distillation_Pytorch.git
$ conda create --name kd_pytorch
$ conda activate kd_pytorch
$ pip install -r requirements.txt
```

### Datasets

* [x] cifar-10
* [ ] mini open images

### Performance of models on cifar-10

| __Architectures__ | __resnet18__ | __preact resnet18__ | __googlenet__ | __densenet__ | __vgg16__  | __mobilenet__ |
|-------------------|--------------|---------------------|---------------|--------------|------------|---------------|
| Epochs            | 350          | 350                 | 350           | 350          | 150        | 350           |
| Loss Function     | CE           | CE                  | CE            | CE           | CE         | CE            |
| train loss        | 0.004        | 0.001               | N/A           | N/A          | 0.002      | N/A           |
| train accuracy    | 99.92        | 100.00              | N/A           | N/A          | 99.97      | N/A           |
| test loss         | 0.582        | 0.206               | N/A           | N/A          | 0.314      | N/A           |
| test accuracy     | 87.23        | 94.79               | N/A           | N/A          | 93.170     | N/A           |
| time taken        | 256m         | 259m                | N/A           | N/A          | 65m        | N/A           |

### Todos

 - Data augmentation performable torch.utils.data.TensorDataset dataset
 - Tensorboard
 - Perfomance metrics
 - Compute_loss function for computing the mean loss for the data points that the model has mis-classified and correctly classified for analyisis purpose.
 - Google Colab trainable/runnable notebooks
 - Refactor the codebase to more readable format/style
 - Finding the best hyparameters for knowledge distillation methods


### References
[https://github.com/peterliht/knowledge-distillation-pytorch](https://github.com/peterliht/knowledge-distillation-pytorch)


[Pytorch-cifar](https://github.com/kuangliu/pytorch-cifar)
